<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- This file is part of the DITA Open Toolkit project hosted on Sourceforge.net. See the accompanying license.txt file 
	for applicable licenses. -->
<!-- (c) Copyright IBM Corp. 2004, 2005 All Rights Reserved. -->

<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN"
 "../../dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic id="installing" xml:lang="en-us" xmlns="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/">
	<title>Installing</title>
	<shortdesc>You install components to make them available for your
		solution.</shortdesc>
	<body>
		<p>Usually, you can install the components once and then forget about the
			details of this task.
			Before installing the
			components, you should make a plan
			for what you need to accomplish and the components
			that will support these goals.
			After installing the components, you will probably want to perform
			some preliminary configuration.
		</p>
		<note type="note">
			This demonstration has the following limitations:
			<ul>
				<li>For XSL-FO formatting and thus PDF generation, only the basics have been implemented. Through specialization,
					the DITA XHTML-based outputs for DITA map are also available for bookmap.</li>
				<li>
					The design for the book info component of the proposal has been fleshed out based on antecedents in DocBook and
					IBMIDDoc (see the comments in the
					<codeph>bookinfo.mod</codeph>
					file). Most of the elements in bookinfo aren&apos;t processed.
				</li>
				<li>The
					book list component of the proposal hasn&apos;t been implemented yet. Possible designs for a glossary list have
					been discussed extensively on the DITA forum (resulting in the proposal posted as
					<xref href="news://news.software.ibm.com:119/3FA29F54.83AFB251@ca.ibm.com" format="news">news://news.software.ibm.com:119/blfg38$5k0q$1@news.boulder.ibm.com</xref>
					).
				</li>
				<li>The book style component of the proposal is much more experimental than the bookmap and bookinfo components.
					Processing for this component is limited.</li>
			</ul>
		</note>
		<section>
			<title> COPYRIGHT LICENSE:</title>
			<p>This information contains sample application programs in source language, which illustrate programming techniques
				on various operating platforms. You may copy, modify, and distribute these sample programs in any form without
				payment to IBM, for the purposes of developing, using, marketing or distributing application programs conforming to
				the application programming interface for the operating platform for which the sample programs are written. These
				examples have not been thoroughly tested under all conditions. Retro Tools, therefore, cannot guarantee or imply
				reliability, serviceability, or function of these programs.
			</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</topic>
